chore: use jaeger-idl/proto-gen/api_v2 (#7061)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Jaeger remote sampler's probabilistic strategy now uses the same sampling algorithm as `trace.TraceIDRatioBased` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#6892)

> - Update remote sampler import paths to use jaeger-idl. (#7061)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Jaeger remote sampler to use "github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-idl/proto-gen/api_v2" in  `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/jaegerremote`. (#7061)
```
